add implementation consideration for Default Values and Double Alloca… (#172)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

The lifetime of a Status List (and the Status List Token) depends on the lifetime of its Referenced Tokens. Once all Referenced Tokens are expired, the Issuer may stop serving the Status List (and the Status List Token).

> Referenced Tokens may be regularly re-issued to increase security or to mitigate linkability and limit tracking by the Relying Parties. In this case, every re-issued Referenced Token MUST have a fresh Status List entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Referenced Tokens may be regularly re-issued to mitigate linkability of presentations to Relying Parties. In this case, every re-issued Referenced Token MUST have a fresh Status List entry in order to prevent this becoming possible source of correlation.
```

Minor nit

Referenced Tokens may also be issued in batches, such that Holders can use individual tokens for every transaction. In this case, every Referenced Token MUST have a dedicated Status List entry. Revoking batch issued Referenced Tokens might reveal this correlation later on.

## Default Values and Double Allocation

The implementation is RECOMMENDED to initialize the Status List byte array with a default value and provide this as an initialization parameter to the Issuer. The Issuer is RECOMMENDED to use a default value that represents the most common value for its Referenced Tokens to avoid an update during issuance.

The implementation is RECOMMENDED to prevent double allocation, i.e. re-using the same `uri` and `index` for mulitple Referenced Tokens. The Issuer MUST prevent any unintended double allocation by using the Status List.

## Status List Size

> Status List Issuer may increase the size of a Status List if it requires indices for additional Referenced Tokens. It is RECOMMENDED that the size of a Status List fills up the byte boundary, i.e. `size` % `bits` = 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Status List Issuer may increase the size of a Status List if it requires indices for additional Referenced Tokens. It is RECOMMENDED that the size of a Status List in bits is divisible in bytes (8 bits) without a remainder, i.e. `size-in-bits` % 8 = 0.
```

Author: I think we are talking about different points here. I'm talking about this issue: https://github.com/oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list/issues/47 which means the last byte should be filled and nto have some dangling bits

Author: You are correct. I think yours is good as well
